README.md, before:

# intelligence
Experiments with Tensor-flow

Install Tensor-flow using method on https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_java
Remember to download JNI packages for your platform

If you download the jni-files, and get warning:
implausibly old time stamp 1970-01-01 01:00:0

Your platform are not supported by the tensorflow software.
You will have link errors such as these,
if you 
run the command ldd jni/*.so


jni/libtensorflow_framework.so:
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.17' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.16' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.21' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.18' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.5' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.19' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.17' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.8' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.7' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
	linux-vdso.so.1 =>  (0x00007ffde1c5a000)
	libdl.so.2 => /lib64/libdl.so.2 (0x00007f1c005d9000)
	libm.so.6 => /lib64/libm.so.6 (0x00007f1c00354000)
	libpthread.so.0 => /lib64/libpthread.so.0 (0x00007f1c00137000)
	libstdc++.so.6 => /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6 (0x00007f1bffe31000)
	libgcc_s.so.1 => /lib64/libgcc_s.so.1 (0x00007f1bffc1a000)
	libc.so.6 => /lib64/libc.so.6 (0x00007f1bff886000)
	/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 (0x0000003a8cc00000)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so:
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.16' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.15' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.5' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.18' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.21' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.7' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.17' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.8' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.19' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.15' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libm.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.23' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.17' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.16' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.21' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.14' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.18' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.5' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.19' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.17' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.8' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.7' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
	linux-vdso.so.1 =>  (0x00007ffed01ce000)
	libtensorflow_framework.so => /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so (0x00007f14119ae000)
	libdl.so.2 => /lib64/libdl.so.2 (0x00007f1411794000)
	libpthread.so.0 => /lib64/libpthread.so.0 (0x00007f1411577000)
	libm.so.6 => /lib64/libm.so.6 (0x00007f14112f3000)
	librt.so.1 => /lib64/librt.so.1 (0x00007f14110ea000)
	libstdc++.so.6 => /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6 (0x00007f1410de4000)
	libgcc_s.so.1 => /lib64/libgcc_s.so.1 (0x00007f1410bce000)
	libc.so.6 => /lib64/libc.so.6 (0x00007f1410839000)
	/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 (0x0000003a8cc00000)

Commit message:

Finished innovation Week work on machine learning

README.md, after:

# intelligence
Experiments with Tensor-flow(www.tensorflow.org) and the java framework deeplearning4j.org.
Tensor-flow modelling is not possible to do from java, so the current code can only run pre-trained modules.

## About deeplearning4j
Website: deeplearning4j.org
github: https://github.com/deeplearning4j

Besides org.deeplearning4j classes it contains the library org.datavec(ETL Library for Machine Learning - data pipelines, data munging and wrangling: https://github.com/deeplearning4j/DataVec) and org.nd4j (N-Dimensional Arrays for Java, Fast, Numerical Computing for Java : http://nd4j.org)

## Contents in this project:
### Tensor-flow programs

dk.kb.tensorflow.MyLabelImage -  Labels a given image using a pre-trained Inception model (http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.00567). The run.sh script will download the model, and a picture of a strawberry, and labels it correctly as a strawberry with 94,42% likelihood

dk.kb.tensorflow.FrontBackClassifier - labels a picture or a list of pictures as either front or back using an existing model made in tensor flow python code

models/frontbackModel-tensorflow - contains a frontback model produced by CJEN. Can be used by the FrontBackClassifier

### Deep Learning for java programs

dk.kb.deeplearning4j.TrainFrontBackNetwork - Program to train a network to classify images as front or back. Could probably be used to train on other labelled materiale, but this hasn't been tested. The model is saved at the end, so it can be used by the UseModel program.

dk.kb-deeplearning4j.UseModel - Program to evaluate one or more pictures up against a model generated by TrainFrontBackNetwork

## Notes on installing tensor-flow for java
Install Tensor-flow using method on https://www.tensorflow.org/install/install_java
Remember to download JNI packages for your platform

If you download the jni-files, and get warning:
implausibly old time stamp 1970-01-01 01:00:0

Your platform are not supported by the tensorflow software.
You will have link errors such as these,
if you 
run the command ldd jni/*.so


jni/libtensorflow_framework.so:
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.17' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.16' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.21' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.18' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.5' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.19' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.17' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.8' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_framework.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.7' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
	linux-vdso.so.1 =>  (0x00007ffde1c5a000)
	libdl.so.2 => /lib64/libdl.so.2 (0x00007f1c005d9000)
	libm.so.6 => /lib64/libm.so.6 (0x00007f1c00354000)
	libpthread.so.0 => /lib64/libpthread.so.0 (0x00007f1c00137000)
	libstdc++.so.6 => /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6 (0x00007f1bffe31000)
	libgcc_s.so.1 => /lib64/libgcc_s.so.1 (0x00007f1bffc1a000)
	libc.so.6 => /lib64/libc.so.6 (0x00007f1bff886000)
	/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 (0x0000003a8cc00000)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so:
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.16' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.15' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.5' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.18' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.21' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.7' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.17' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.8' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.19' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.14' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.15' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libm.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.23' not found (required by jni/libtensorflow_jni.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.14' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.17' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /lib64/libc.so.6: version `GLIBC_2.16' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.21' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.14' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.18' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.5' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.20' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.19' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.17' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.8' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
jni/libtensorflow_jni.so: /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6: version `CXXABI_1.3.7' not found (required by /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so)
	linux-vdso.so.1 =>  (0x00007ffed01ce000)
	libtensorflow_framework.so => /home/svc/devel/intelligence/jni/libtensorflow_framework.so (0x00007f14119ae000)
	libdl.so.2 => /lib64/libdl.so.2 (0x00007f1411794000)
	libpthread.so.0 => /lib64/libpthread.so.0 (0x00007f1411577000)
	libm.so.6 => /lib64/libm.so.6 (0x00007f14112f3000)
	librt.so.1 => /lib64/librt.so.1 (0x00007f14110ea000)
	libstdc++.so.6 => /usr/lib64/libstdc++.so.6 (0x00007f1410de4000)
	libgcc_s.so.1 => /lib64/libgcc_s.so.1 (0x00007f1410bce000)
	libc.so.6 => /lib64/libc.so.6 (0x00007f1410839000)
	/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 (0x0000003a8cc00000)
